British English Academy.
A2 listening activity.
Course: A2 Everyday English.
Module 3: Travel, Services and Problem Solving.
Lesson 4: Travel, Services and Problem Solving: Listening Lesson 4.
Listen and repeat the useful phrases.
Listen carefully. You will hear the model once, then answer the question.
Learning objective: Learners can describe, compare and exchange simple information in a listening task about weather.
Today you will practise language connected to weather.
Target language: basic modals.
Explanation.
In this lesson you will practise listening for travel, services and problem solving. You will learn useful language connected to weather and practise basic modals. By the end, you should be able to complete a short real-life task and explain your answer clearly at A2 level.